# VR MDPS Model Selection v2
## Overview
## Research abstract
Recent advancements in autonomous chemometric algorithms introduce an expansive realm to hands-off technology relinquishing the need for human intervention. However, without assurance protocols, many deem these frameworks unfit for mass deployment. Since many of these autonomous algorithms exclude invaluable expert human insight, pattern recognition capabilities are dependent on the quality of the training data. The utilization of hybrid algorithms, combining real-time human insight with computational efficiency, accuracy, and scalability, proves highly advantageous in certain scenarios of intricate data analysis or interpretation. Hybrid approaches that maximize human senses and leverage our innate ability to recognize patterns and visualize thresholds is crucial to reducing erroneous outcomes, capitalizing on our instinctual perception of the physical environment. The capacity of virtual reality (VR) environments to render comprehensible three-dimensional space and simulate real-world encounters suggests their hybrid suitability for difficult data analysis tasks like consensus calibration model selection. In this study, we examine an integrated immersive VR real-time model selection algorithm for an unsupervised model updating method. Immersive VR model selection using NIR data are reported against the autonomous approach, demonstrating the viability of VR as a human data analysis interface to enhance new & existing algorithms.
## Resources
* Access [version 1 movie](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q8pWG5Su92mckCvuUJwTrjtye9j9RgAL/view?usp=sharing)
* Access [version 2 movie](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10AapTWCS1n8_rYaS7snjR7gP_k1O47EF/view?usp=sharing)
